What do I owe you?
Um, $600.
Thank you, Mr. Baz.
- Thank you.
- That's the door.
You Jimmy? The private dick?
I ain't never forget about the
man who ruined my marriage.
Shit!
Oh, shit!
What the hell?
Ah, this shit better be good.
It's 7:00 a.m. Fuck!
Okay!
- Hello.
- Are you Detective Jimmy Baz?
Yeah, that's me.
Our son is missing.
Please help us find our son.
Oh. Uh...
Let me put some pants on, okay?
Um, please come in.
Come in, come in.
Okay. Now, excuse the mess.
I, um, I've been
working on a very big case last night.
Can you find our son?
Uh... One second.
Okay, uh...
Please sit down. Please.
Okay.
How long
has he been missing for?
Almost four days.
Okay, and how old is he?
Twenty-two.
And is it possible he could have gone off
with a friend or a girlfriend anywhere?
He wouldn't have gone off without
telling us first, without calling us.
He was supposed to come home
this weekend,
and when we didn't hear from
him, we called, but nothing.
Please, Mr. Baz.
The cops aren't doing anything,
and we... we don't know
what we're supposed to do.
I don't think
I'm the right guy for this.
Your ad says you find people.
I do, but it's usually people
who owe money.
Well, we'll pay...
whatever it takes
to help you find our Khalid.
Please, Mr. Baz.
Khalid is a good boy.
He wouldn't just disappear
like that without calling us.
Something must have happened
to him.
Look, I'm sorry. I'd...
I'd love to help you.
I just don't think
I'm the right person for this.
I think you should try
the police again.
Come on, Anna.
Is that your son?
Yes.
Then you can imagine
what it would feel like
to learn that
your son is missing.
Forget it, Anna.
We'll find someone better.
Okay, okay.
Just, uh, let me get myself together and...
I'll come by your place.
3712 Kenwood Avenue.
Thank you, Mr. Baz.
Fuck.
Mr. Baz.
The police just got here.
What? You just...
You told me they wouldn't help you.
After hounding them all weekend,
they finally sent over
a couple detectives
to take down a report.
Please come in.
And, uh...
When was the last time
you spoke to your son?
Thursday night. He was supposed
to come home that weekend.
Maybe he met a girl.
Uh...
Went to Atlantic City
with his friends.
He's in college, after all.
No, he wouldn't go off like that
without calling us.
We speak to him every night.
We tried calling that weekend
and it went straight
to voicemail.
Last night we went to the dorm
room and we spoke to his roommate.
And he said that he hadn't
been home all weekend.
It's just not him.
He just wouldn't disappear
like that.
Well, legally, he's an adult.
What does that matter?
He's free to disappear
wherever he likes.
Come on, Alves.
The kid's been missing for over 72 hours.
Who is this guy? You know him?
Hello, Jimmy.
Jimmy Baz. I represent...
The Turners.
I represent the Turners. They hired
me as their private investigator.
I didn't think you'd take
a case like this.
Well, I did.
Now, both of you
are going to get off your asses
and help them find their kid?
The kid is 22 years old.
We can't go looking for
every college kid
that goes off partying
for the weekend.
Look, we told you.
He wouldn't do that.
Come on, Alves.
What if this kid is really missing?
The least you can do is
put out an APB.
Okay, Jimmy.
We'll look into it.
- Come on, Amir.
- Let's go.
Is it all right
if we hold on to this picture?
Are you gonna help us?
I hate to ask
this question, but...
You're not
his biological parents, are you?
No, we're not.
We adopted him ten years ago.
He was 12 years old,
an Afghani refugee.
Any chance that he
reached out to his parents,
or his parents reached out
to him?
They're dead.
He won't tell us much other than
he lost his parents in the war.
May I see his room?
He was a good boy.
Always kept a very neat room.
He was a straight-A student.
He won first place at a
science fair in high school.
A Quran. He's Muslim.
We wanted him to practice
whatever religion he believed in.
Did he attend the mosque
or any after-school activities?
Not that we know of.
He kept to himself
most of the time.
Any friends?
Anybody he spent time with?
He was a shy boy.
So, the last person
to actually see Khalid
was his college roommate?
Yeah.
And where does he live?
I'm doing everything I can.
It's on you. You can't...
Oh, what's up, man?
Can I help you?
Does Khalid live here?
Uh, yeah.
I was hired by his parents
to find him.
What? Oh, he hasn't
turned up yet?
Mmm-mmm.
Can I come in?
Uh, yeah, man.
Yeah, come on.
All right, time out, guys.
I got somebody at the door.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen.
Look, Amanda,
you always arguing with me about this.
It's not that serious. I get it...
So, when was the last time
you saw Khalid?
Uh, I think it was on Thursday.
I saw him in the morning
before class.
Did he say anything, that he was
gonna go anywhere this weekend?
I mean, he usually goes
to his parents' home
and he helps them out with the
family business or something.
Does he have any friends, like,
places he goes?
Anywhere he would hang out
on the regular?
Look, man, I...
I never really saw him hanging
out with anyone around school.
When you're studying
pharmacology, you know,
it's usually pretty tough
with the courses, so...
He's normally studying
all the time.
You know, other than
studying at the library, though,
I think he, um...
Think he studies at this hookah lounge.
Hookah lounge?
You know which one? Where?
Nah, man. Um... Um...
It's out on Clinton, though.
I think it's in Clinton.
- Clinton?
- Yeah.
So... That's all I got, man.
Um, can I see his room?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's right back here. I'll show you.
He's normally pretty clean.
Really clean.
Keeps everything neat.
- Uh, I'll let you do it.
- Okay. Okay.
Looks like he packed
to leave for a long time.
Uh, I guess. I don't know.
Can you do me a favor?
Call me if you hear from him
or see him.
Sure.
Hope you find him.
Hey.
Can I help you?
Yeah.
You know who this kid is?
I'm not the police.
I'm a private investigator hired
by the family to find Khalid.
He's been missing
since Thursday.
Of course, I know Khalid.
He often comes here to study.
When was the last time
you saw Khalid?
He was here Wednesday night.
Was he alone?
He's always alone.
He comes here, he sits by the
window and studies quietly,
smokes hookah
and drinks mint tea.
Was there anything unusual or strange
about his behavior that night?
Come to think of it,
he did run off in a hurry.
I was at the bar,
preparing a hookah for a customer.
When I looked up,
I saw Khalid run out the door.
And he left the money
on the table.
And that's strange because?
Because Khalid is
a very polite young man.
He always asks for a check
and wishes me a good night.
I figured he lost track of time
and needed to leave in a hurry.
Or he was running away
from someone?
I wouldn't know.
I can't imagine why, though.
Is there anything else
you can tell me about Khalid?
Wish I could help you more.
Did you know
he was from Afghanistan?
Have you tried
the hookah before?
No, no, no.
I prefer the real thing.
Here. Come.
Share one with me.
He never told me, but I knew.
- How did you know?
- 'Cause I can tell that look.
The look on a person when they
come from a place of hell.
And the war in Afghanistan made
the whole country a place of hell.
I'm from Afghanistan.
And when the Taliban came in,
I was one of the first to join
the army with the Americans
to fight against the Taliban.
And for most of us
who fought with the Americans,
we were given a special asylum
and that's how
I came to this country.
Fortunately for me,
I got out before things got really bad.
My guess is that
Khalid was not that lucky.
Yet, he came here every week,
I guess, to have some sort of
a connection with his roots.
Thank you.
This is my card.
Will you call me
if you hear anything
or if you think of
anything else, Mr...
Abdul Nafi.
Thank you, Abdul.
Hello?
Jimmy, it's Richard.
I got something here
you might wanna see.
Is it Khalid?
No, but it could be
related to him.
Okay, text me the address.
I'll be right there.
We got the call
a little while ago.
A fisherman
stumbled upon the scene.
Looks like the body has been
there since before the weekend.
Guy's food truck was found
upstairs, packed and hitched.
Looked like he was done
for the day.
Jesus Christ, Alves!
Someone did a number on him.
His name is Mansour Shiek.
Afghani.
Came here
about eight years ago.
See where I'm going with this?
No, I don't.
That missing kid, Khalid,
disappeared around the same time.
And just like our victim,
he's Muslim.
Maybe whoever did this
got to the kid.
Thought you should know.
Anybody see anything?
Not yet.
They're still looking.
"He but giveth them respite
"against a day when the eyes
will fixedly stare in horror."
Wha... What...
What is he saying?
Who knows?
But one dead Muslim and another
one goes missing days apart...
I think we got ourselves
a Muslim-killer.
Let me see that.
No trauma to the head,
or abrasions.
No ligatures on the wrists.
Can't seem to find
any fingerprints.
He has a puncture wound
on his neck.
The poor bastard had his eyes
spooned out of his head.
- What the fuck is he doing here?
- I called him.
This is a fucking crime scene, Richard.
He can't be here.
Look, I know.
I just thought this had
something to do with his case.
Plus, he's
a top-notch detective.
We need a guy like this
on our side.
And what if
the Captain comes here?
That will be
both our asses on the line.
Get him out of here.
Think I'd
better get out of here.
I'll walk you out.
I'll let you know what we get
from the autopsy.
Thanks, Alves.
Jimmy, I want you to know...
we did everything we could
to try to find him.
Maybe.
We did everything
we could, Jimmy.
What's happening?
What's going on?
Iman? Iman?
Iman?
It's you.
No, no, no. Please, please.
It wasn't my fault.
I asked Allah for forgiveness.
No, please.
Please forgive me!
Hello?
Baz, it's me.
There's been another homicide.
Where are you?
I'll be right there.
I can't do that, Jimmy.
This just got real.
The press is all over it.
They're calling him
the Muslim-Killer.
Meet me in 30 at a diner
on Brentford and Castle.
I got some info.
Okay.
Police were notified
of a homicide early this morning.
The victim is
Sameer Ashan, 52,
and a valued member
of the community.
Sources say he is the second
Muslim person to be killed
in the course of several days,
and a young Muslim man is missing,
- and might be the third victim.
- Shit!
Mr. Baz, is it true?
- Is Khalid dead?
- No, we don't know that.
It's all over the news.
They're saying that
the police thinks that
Khalid's one of the victims.
Listen, I don't know
how it got out there, okay?
But the fact that they didn't find
Khalid is a good thing, all right?
Now, listen, you have the whole state
of New Jersey now looking for him,
'cause this case
just got elevated.
I'm on my way right now
to meet Detective Alves.
Okay? Listen.
Things will be fine.
We're gonna find Khalid, okay?
I will find Khalid. Okay?
I will find him.
Hey.
- You want something?
- Yeah.
I'll have coffee, black,
and... whatever he's having.
So, who leaked about the second
murder and about the kid?
Maybe it was you?
Maybe you thought you'd get more
eyeballs looking for the missing kid.
Is this guy serious, or what?
Let's all calm down.
Amir, I told you,
Jimmy can be trusted.
I don't get why
we're wasting our time
sitting with this deadbeat
when we got a killer to find.
It's called
professional courtesy.
We're all trying to get to
the bottom of something.
This goes
beyond professional courtesy.
I don't know what he has on you,
but ever since we saw him at the house,
you haven't been acting the same.
I'm gonna wait by the car
and make some calls.
You know,
some real police work.
What's up his ass?
He's a little rough around the
edges, but he's a good cop.
Look, with all this happening,
you know,
his people getting killed,
he's kind of on the edge.
I think you can understand that.
Okay, okay, what do you got?
His name is Sameer Ashan,
also from Afghanistan.
His wife went down
to the kitchen,
someone came up
from behind her,
put a needle in her neck
and she passed out.
When she woke up,
that's how she found her husband.
"Let not your own hand
contribute to your destruction."
Hmm. Well, we definitely
have a pattern.
Forensic came back
with the autopsy.
The same puncture that
Sameer has,
the first victim had as well.
Vecuronium bromide.
English, Alves.
Vecuronium bromide is
a muscle relaxant.
It's used in executions
to paralyze the inmates.
Here's the thing.
It doesn't knock you out.
So, this poor bastard felt every single
moment of his eyes being gouged out.
Who's got access
to stuff like that?
With all the controversy
behind the executions,
pharmaceuticals
stopped selling it.
Just a few prisons and some
pharmacies still got some stock left.
I got my guys trying to see
if there's anything
that's been unaccounted for.
Good. I'll work on that, too.
So, who do you like for this?
His name is John Doyle.
Typical white supremacist.
Rolls with a rough group of the
Heathens here in Jersey City.
They've been known to cook
meth, and John is the top chef.
He's been suspected of
killing two Mexicans
from a rival bike gang.
The Banditos?
Yeah. Don't you got an inside
with them?
Yeah, just...
That was a long time ago.
And also suspected of killing
two Muslims.
He got put away for ten years
for a large batch of meth.
Got out two weeks ago.
Last week, he missed his
meeting with his parole officer.
So you think this is our guy?
Hates foreigners, was missing
at the time of the murder,
knows his way around a pharmacy.
It's not much of a stretch.
Why go through
all that trouble?
Why write the phrases?
Why not kill the wife?
And why only Afghani men?
Why not a Persian, or a
Palestinian, or anybody else?
'Cause he's a nut
who likes to kill people
and he's got a hard-on
for Afghanis.
Look, I don't know,
but it's the best lead we got.
Me and Amir are going to check
out the local Pagan hangouts.
We'll let you know
if we find him.
Okay. I'll look into it, too.
We'll find him, Jimmy.
Members only.
I'm here to see Miguel.
You got the wrong place.
There is no Miguel in here.
I'm not looking for trouble.
It's too late for that.
You already found some trouble.
Tell Miguel Jimmy Baz is here,
and I want to see him.
Gelasio.
Jimmy Baz.
How long has it been, Jimmy?
Not since I lost my badge.
That's right.
I remember that.
What, Jimmy?
You think, just because
you lose your son,
I'm gonna have a soft spot for you?
Is that what you think?
But you still have the balls
to come into my place.
I've got some information
you might want.
I'm listening.
I'm looking for a missing kid.
And why should I give a fuck?
Because there's a killer out
there and he's targeting Muslims.
You're gonna go
straight to the point, Jimmy.
And that killer
might be John Doyle.
Who the fuck is John Doyle?
He's a cooker for the Heathens.
And he took out
two of your guys.
He just got out of jail
and he went missing.
What do want from me, Jimmy?
His location.
You want his location?
Why would I give you
his location
if I can take care of that
by myself?
Well, maybe I can take him out,
take down their drug business.
You don't have to risk anything.
I'll think about it.
Gelasio.
Hey, Jimmy, whatever happened to
that beautiful ex-wife you had?
Susan Parker.
31 Clinton Ave.
Susan Parker, huh?
Hey, wait!
Miguel said to look for the
abandoned house on the road.
He also said
not to let him down.
Thank you.
Fulton Street.
You sure about this?
No, but, that's as good as any
meth house you're gonna get.
Well, let's go check it out.
All right. We'll check it out.
You stay here.
If anything happens,
we'll call it in.
Hey, Alves,
you're fucking buggin'
if you think you're just
gonna go in there without me.
You heard him. We can't have a
civilian stake out a meth house.
I've been busting people before you
were even on the force, all right?
So don't worry about me, buddy.
Come on.
Are you packin'?
Yeah, all right, fine.
We'll go through the back.
You watch the front.
- Okay.
- Make sure you don't shoot one of us.
- Not on purpose.
- This is not a game.
Rise and shine!
Get the fuck up.
Hey. I wanna see you
get the fuck up.
Ready for your medicine?
Come on.
Gonna hose you off.
Por favor, yeah, por favor!
Oh, yeah, take some more.
Drop it! Drop the needle.
Hands on your head.
Turn around slowly.
- Is she the only one here?
- Maybe.
Did you kill
those two Muslim men?
I killed many Muslim men.
Khalid, is he in here?
- Maybe.
- Where's Khalid?
He's here.
Twelve-year-old white kid?
Yeah, I got him.
Freeze! Stop right there.
Khalid...
You don't know
who Khalid is, do you?
Looks like they robbed
a pharmacy.
Found a shitload of
pharmaceuticals in the house.
Any signs of Khalid?
They're still canvassing
the area.
I'll let you know
if anything shows up.
You should go home and get some rest.
You look like shit.
Plus, we need you in the morning at
the station to file an incident report.
Jimmy.
Good work today.
I want you to know...
I did everything I possibly
could to try to find him.
Is that your son?
Then you can imagine
what it would feel like
to learn that
your son is missing.
Well, Jimmy, I'll let you know
if anything turns up.
So, that's it?
Well, we got our man.
Did we?
You said it yourself.
John admitted to killing
the Muslim men.
I also told you I thought
he was fucking with me.
Got the bad guys, Jimmy.
You know, your partner,
he didn't have to shoot him.
Yeah, well...
You're right.
We'll have some time to think
about that while they're investigating.
You said I should call you
if I think of anything.
I did.
I told you I was in Afghanistan
at the start of the war.
Afghanistan was divided amongst
different warlords.
Then, the Taliban came in
and they quickly spread
throughout the country.
The Taliban enforced
strict Muslim law.
Any Afghani who was caught
breaking any of their laws
was tortured
and brutally killed.
As bad as the Taliban were,
the warlords
were not any better.
Anyways, when I was
in the Afghani Army,
my division was sent to
a remote village
along the lines
with the Taliban forces.
And this village has a police
force led by a local warlord.
It was here
that I met these two men.
These two were
in the same squadron?
Any chance this could be
a coincidence?
Maybe.
But these were
not good men.
Have you ever heard of
Bacha Bazi?
I'm not proud of this,
but in Afghanistan,
there's this thing
that some of
the most powerful men do.
The more powerful you are,
the more Bachi Bareech you have.
Bacha Bazi are young boys,
normally ranging from the age
of 12 up to to their early 20s.
They're either stolen,
or bought from their parents,
and made to dress like girls
for their masters.
Basically prostitutes.
These men were having sex
with those boys?
Yes.
I was invited to a dinner
where a local police chief
had his Bacha Bareech
dancing for his troops.
And these men were
repeatedly raping these boys.
I wanted nothing to do with it,
so I left.
I wish I had the courage
to kill those monsters,
but, we were in a war.
Every man was necessary to fight
the war against the Taliban.
Does any of this
mean anything to you?
"He but giveth them respite
"against a day when the eyes
will fixedly stare in horror,"
or, "Let not your own hands
contribute to your destruction."
Destruction.
Yes, they're from the Quran.
What was the name of that town?
- Darzab.
- Darzab?
Darzab. Thank you.
Hey, Alves,
sorry to call so early.
Um, you think you can swing by?
I got something
I want to show you.
Come in. It's open.
Hey, Jimmy.
Everything okay, buddy?
You want coffee?
I got coffee brewing,
and I got whiskey on my desk.
Help yourself.
Don't mind if I do.
It's not like
I got anywhere to be.
They gave Amir and me
two weeks off.
Oh, shit!
Ah, no big deal.
It's paid.
That's not what I meant.
We didn't get our guy.
Look, Jimmy, I know
you want to find the kid.
I do, too,
but you know better than anyone
else that not everyone is found.
I didn't mean that.
I just mean that
we most likely got our man.
Take a look.
I got something to show you.
Here.
Ron Burns, okay?
Missing. 2009, December first.
Okay? Here. Another kid.
Eric Dunbar. 2012,
nine years old.
Okay? Here we go.
Victor Hughes. Missing.
Nine years old.
June 20, okay? Ali Abbas.
Missing, 2010.
What is all of this?
Johnny Baz.
Missing since 2008!
Holy shit, Jimmy.
You've kept the case going
all these years.
You ever heard of Bacha Bazi?
Bacha, what?
Look, Jimmy, tomorrow morning
I'll pick you up
and I'll take you over to
Dr. Kelan.
Remember him? He's got
his own practice now.
Bacha Bazi. It's a practice
in Afghanistan
where these warlords grab boys
eight to twelve years old,
dress them up like women and
they use them as sex slaves.
Jesus Christ, Jimmy!
A special visa program.
You ever hear about that?
No!
Special visa program
in Afghanistan,
where they give
any Afghan soldier
a special visa
to come to the States
if you fight against the Taliban
in the war.
Where are you going
with this, Jimmy?
Listen to me. What if a warlord
came here on that special visa
and he continued his Bacha
Bazi practice right here?
I think
that's a bit of a stretch.
Yeah, maybe.
What if I told you
our two last victims...
right there,
they were in the same group
where their warlord
practiced Bacha Bazi.
Really?
Yeah.
You still got
military contacts?
I did two tours in Iraq,
so, yeah.
Okay, I need you to find out
what local militia group
worked with the Americans
in a town called Darzab
in 2007,
and who got a special visa
from that place.
And these are the two vics
from this town?
Yes.
And what about Khalid?
What does he have to do with all this?
I don't know. I don't know.
Did you get any information
on that vecuronium bromide?
Not yet. Amir was supposed to
look into that,
but we're suspended.
I'll call the office today
and see if anything's turned up.
Okay. Thanks, Alves.
Uh, come, I'll walk you out.
And where are you going?
I'm gonna go follow a hunch.
Jimmy.
I want you to know, I never forgave
myself for not finding Johnny.
I know.
Neither did I.
What are you looking for?
What is it?
Can I hold onto this?
Sure.
What town in Afghanistan
was Khalid from?
I don't remember.
Would it be
in your adoption papers?
Maybe.
It says here that
he was found
in a town called...
Darzab?
Yeah, that's right.
Do you think that, uh,
some relatives took him?
Anna, where is your husband
right now?
At our pharmacy.
- What? What is it?
- Nothing, I'm...
trying to put
the pieces together. Um...
Do you think that you know
what happened to Khalid, then?
I gotta go.
Do you... Do you think that
he's still alive?
Answer me.
I do think he's alive.
And I'm going to do everything
I can to keep it that way.
Mr. Baz.
Any word on Khalid?
Not quite.
Can I talk to you for a moment?
Yeah, sure.
What is it?
Um, do you know what
vecuronium bromide is?
Yes, of course.
You don't keep
any of that stuff here, do you?
No. I mean, not any more.
What do you mean?
Well, when I bought the
pharmacy a couple of years ago,
the inventory said there
was one batch left in stock,
but when I did the inventory
myself, I never found it.
I figured it was an error.
What's this all about?
I told the police this.
Wait, what police?
Well, you know, uh,
Officer Amjad.
Officer Amjad came here
asking about the drug?
- When was this?
- Yesterday.
He said he was investigating
an unrelated case.
What does this have to do
with Khalid?
I think I better go.
Wha... Mr. Baz, wait.
What's going on?
What about Khalid?
- Hey, Jimmy, I'm...
- Any luck with those names?
If you let me finish,
I was going to tell you
my buddy in the Marines
gave me a contact number
to a Sgt. Brian O'Connell.
He did two tours
in Afghanistan,
and during one of them,
he was stationed near the town of Darzab.
And he'd know who got the visas
because he was the one
giving out the recommendations.
- I'm heading there now.
- Okay, send me the address. I'll meet you there.
Hey, Alves, have you spoken to
Amir since the other day?
No, why?
Nothing.
Okay, I'll see you soon.
Kind of like old times,
huh, Jimmy?
Yeah, like old times.
What do you want?
Sgt. Brian O'Connell?
Yeah, who's asking?
I'm Detective Alves.
And this is my associate, uh...
Investigator Baz.
We wanted to ask
a few questions.
That's a pretty nasty injury
you got there.
Yeah, car bomb.
Blew the doors off the Humvee.
Guy next to me
took most of the blast.
He didn't make it.
Shrapnel shredded my knee,
so I guess I got the best,
uh, part of the deal, huh?
Now, you guys are interrupting my show.
What it is you want?
Were you stationed at a town
called Darzab in 2005, 2006?
I was stationed
in many places.
We know you were there.
We got your service records.
Okay, maybe I was there.
What of it?
Did you work with
the local militia?
Yeah, sure, I did.
Did you know these men?
I can't... I can't say.
You can imagine.
I try not to think about those days.
Take a closer look.
These men were murdered.
Maybe you can help us
catch a killer.
Murdered?
Sure.
We wouldn't want that, would we?
Isn't that Amir?
No, that can't be.
Yeah. Amir Amjad. That's him.
He told me he got out
before the war.
Yeah, well, he lied.
Who else from here
got a visa?
Well, the only other one
to survive who got the visa
was Hadi Shezad.
He's the guy next to Amir.
Is there anything else?
Yes.
You recognize this kid?
He's from that town.
Look, I've, uh...
I've answered
all your questions, okay?
Now get the fuck out.
Tell me about Bacha Bazi.
What do they do to those kids?
You have no idea what I
have to live with everyday.
I, uh, I knew what
they were doing to those boys.
They would steal them
from neighboring villages,
take them from their families.
They'd dress them up
like girls
and they'd have their way
with them.
And my commanders knew.
I told them.
I sent reports,
so many reports that
they straight out told me
to keep my mouth shut.
That it was
part of their custom.
We had to respect that.
But I knew what the un...
unspoken truth was.
In the war with the Taliban,
we were to do
whatever it takes to win.
Even if that meant teaming up
with a pedophile, okay?
So, yeah, Amir had Bachi.
And, yeah, I signed all those
goddamned special visas, okay?
It was part of the deal.
They help us fight the Taliban,
we win the war,
they get a visa.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah. God bless America, huh?
We're gonna hold onto this.
Let's go, Alves.
- Alves...
- I'm on it.
- I'm driving.
- Lou...
I need an address.
I know I'm on leave.
Give me the address
to Hadi Shezad ASAP, Lou.
Yeah.
- Which way to Amir's?
- Turn left.
So you think
Khalid's behind this?
Yeah.
I think Amir made him
into one of his Bachi,
and now he's out for revenge.
What led you to believe that?
The killings,
they were just too personal.
All those markings
that were written in blood,
they were quotes that Khalid
had in his Quran, highlighted.
And he left the town of Darzab
when he was 12 years old.
And did you know that
the missing vecuronium bromide
came from
his family's pharmacy?
No, I didn't.
You mean your partner
didn't tell you?
He went there yesterday
asking about it.
So you think the kid's
gotten to Amir already?
Let's hope so.
Or the other option is,
Amir got to the kid.
Hold on.
Lou, what do you got for me?
Uh-huh? Uh-huh, okay.
Thanks, Lou.
So, Hadi Shezad owns a garage
on Smith Street.
I know it.
What do you know
about Amir, Alves?
Not much. He was stationed
at Clinton for five years
before coming to my squad
back in 2014.
He came to the country
in 2008.
My boy went missing
in fucking 2008.
And year after year,
boys went missing after that.
That's conjecture,
Jimmy. We don't know...
My boy was ten years old, man!
I know!
But he could have also been a
model citizen since coming here.
Turn up ahead.
Well, we're about to find out.
Looks like he's not here.
Let's go, Jimmy.
God damnit, Jimmy.
What the hell are you doing?
He's a police officer,
for Christ's sake!
I gotta know, Alves.
I gotta know!
Fine. I want nothing to do
with this.
I'll be waiting by the car.
Fucking Jimmy!
Alves!
- What is it, man?
- It's a boy.
- He's alive, he's breathing. Call 911.
- Oh, fuck!
Oh, shit. We need paramedics
right now.
Where are you going?
I'm headed to the garage.
No. I'll call it in.
I gotta see this through.
Jimmy, get back here!
Hadi?
What are you doing?
Listen, Khalid.
You don't wanna do this.
Do you know who I am?
I'm the police!
You don't wanna fuck with me.
Okay. Okay.
What do you want?
I can get you
anything you want.
Money? What is it?
Can you give me
my parents back?
Can you take away
what you did to me?
No, I think I will do to
you as you have done to me.
You don't have to do this.
Fuck!
Shit.
You don't have to
do this.
Fuck!
I'm gonna fuck you, Khalid.
Oh, master, you're not behaving
like a good woman.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
I am sorry. I did a bad thing.
A bad thing?
How many boys did you take
away from their parents?
I'm different now.
How many boys did you make
into your Bacha Bareech?
I swear, I've repented.
You have to believe me.
No, no, I don't.
I will make sure
you know the same pain
I endured.
What...
What are you gonna do?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
- No! What are you gonna do?
- Try not to move.
- No, no, no, no...
- We don't want you to
- ...die too quickly.
- I'm sorry! I couldn't help myself.
- Please. I'm sorry!
- Khalid, stop.
Put the knife down, now!
Thank God!
You have no idea
what he did to me.
Shoot him. He's sick.
Khalid, it's over.
We found the kid
in his house earlier today.
He's going away
for a very long time.
You don't understand.
I was ten years old!
I know, Khalid.
I know the whole sick story.
You know what he would do after
he's done with his Bacha Bareech?
He cut their throats!
You understand?
Shoot him!
Khalid, stop!
Freeze, Khalid,
or I will shoot you.
Don't shoot. Wait, Alves.
- Alves, don't shoot.
- Help me, Alves, help me!
Khalid, Khalid,
think about your family, okay?
They care about you.
They want you home.
Step away
from him, kid.
The police are coming.
They're gonna be here any minute.
It's too late for me.
It's not too late, okay?
We'll get you help.
But please, put the knife down.
You don't know what is it like to
live with this nightmare every night.
Just put the knife down.
To relive it
every single night!
I can still hear
his voice in my ears.
"Dance for me,
Bacha Bareech, dance!"
- I have to finish this.
- Khalid.
Step away, Khalid.
Alves, stop. Please listen, Khalid.
Listen to me.
He doesn't wanna go to jail.
This is what he wants, okay?
Jimmy,
just get out of the way.
You want your revenge?
Then let him rot in a jail
for the rest of his life, okay?
Johnny was
such a good little bitch.
What did you just say?
Jimmy, no.
Your boy, Johnny.
But he wouldn't
just stop crying.
"Daddy! Where is Daddy?"
What the fuck did you just say?
Jimmy, no.
- Jimmy, just leave the room.
- Shut up!
He was so, so...
A real good piece of pussy.
Shut up, Amir!
Jimmy, no.
Jimmy, this is exactly what
he wanted. You said so.
Johnny was my favorite Bachi!
Fuck you, motherfucker!
Fuck you! Fuck you!
D.A. said
he won't prosecute you.
Forensics found
the bodies of boys
underneath the foundation
of the house.
Johnny wasn't there.
So, it wasn't Amir.
He came into the country
in January of 2009.
But he did hurt
a lot of people, so...
Mr. Baz?
- Mr. Baz?
- Hey!
Do you... Do you have a moment?
- Sure.
- Are you moving?
Yeah, I think I need
a change of scenery.
I heard about what happened.
We are getting Khalid
the help that he needs.
Glad to hear that.
Thank you.
I think I better get going.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull